Half-ass deserves a K.O.
So be it, if you’re light-hearted
Let’s get ready for the show
Cry or laugh, just love me okay
C’mon “Say No”, bring the bass
Dunno what to say…Things tend to get boring
Lonely logic note
Handy serious escape
Can’t take this anymore
Bad taboo, but
Drown and drop in mud
It’s ‘bout time
Let’s work harder
Let’s work harder until I get excited
Let’s connect, two is better that one
More the people, more I’m relieved
Alright let me do it, Don’t mind
If we all ride the waves of problems,
Perhaps it’s easy to solve
Half-ass deserves a K.O.
So be it, if you’re light-hearted
Let’s get ready for the show
Cry or laugh, just love me okay
C’mon “Say No”, bring the bass
Tonight’s a party in the dark
Woah
Dance, Dance
Sanitize loneliness
Full house, thank you
Woah
Even the pain, Let’s share it
It’s time to say bye-bye, let go
Any complex, With a free-style platelet
Hold it, shove it, Take it away
Pumped up and down, Pretty much stressed out
Spit it out at once, Give yourself away
“Not really interested”
“Don’t really care”
Forget these feelings, Ima say what I want
Send signal, PrrPrrPrr
Let’s come together, live the night
We be roaring
Half-ass deserves a K.O.
Woah
Dance, Dance
Sanitize loneliness
Full house, thank you
Woah
Even the pain, Let’s share it
Tonight’s a party in the dark
Woah
We look forward to serving you again, perhaps
Please take care until next time, It’s time to say bye-bye, let go